[docs] update plugin page (#1785)
threlte/threlte: apps/docs/src/content/learn/advanced/plugins.mdx

### BVH raycast plugin

> Another good example is our [bvh plugin](/docs/reference/extras/bvh) that implements [BVH raycasting](https://github.com/gkjohnson/three-mesh-bvh) on all child meshes and geometries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Threlte's [bvh plugin](/docs/reference/extras/bvh) replaces three's default raycasting with a [bounding-volume heirachy](https://github.com/gkjohnson/three-mesh-bvh) implementation.
```
